---
miles: 0
---

# Double Zero in Kernville

Sleeping in a real bed is a special occurrence. It took repeatedly visualizing mountains of pancakes to coax myself away and walk down the street to Cheryl’s Diner.

With my stomach filling up, and the fourth or fifth cup of coffee being drained, thoughts from yesterday of possibilities for getting off trail continued to percolate. It became clear as breakfast ended these circular thoughts needed some assistance in being straightened out.

<!-- more -->

Over several days in the desert, when Puns and I were pacing together, sometimes there would be uncertainty. About the campsite we selected, a call to push further at the end of the day, or similar sorts of questions. When in doubt another hiker would almost always appear, validating our decision as he had section hiked the rest of the PCT prior to the desert. Even with all the miles behind him, he still didn’t have a trail name.

One evening this same pattern repeated; a question, doubt, then validation in his arrival. The trail name became obvious; Oracle. Lily had mentioned this a few days ago, and it seemed like a perfect fit. I mentioned it over lunch the next day and it stuck.

So sitting on a bench next to the Kern River I have Oracle a call and explained all the options as he patiently listened. We talked for some time, and his suggestion was “Just try making it the next two days into Kennedy Meadows and take it from there.” 

This sounded entirely reasonable. Hungry again, I stopped by Ewing’s on the Kern overlooking the river and had some salmon and a margarita. It would have been good to push out after this, but the view of massive clouds out to the north and the sound of thunder deterred me. The decision was made to head out the next morning on the 5am Kern County Shuttle to the trailhead.

The next morning my alarm went off at 4am and I began packing up, but then a premonition of the bus for some reason not arriving, and me having no way back to the hotel. I later found out I was right as the bus doesn’t run on Tuesday! I decided to get my money’s worth and sleep in.

Woke up and checked out around 10am, then got breakfast at the Cracked Egg. Honestly some of the best pancakes of my life. Perfect texture and sponginess. While waiting for the food I organized a ride back to the trail with someone local who volunteers. Perfect.

After grabbing a few items at the store I headed to the park to meet my ride at noon, but only a few minutes before it unfortunately fell through. I went back to the Cracked Egg where there had been some familiar faces. They were headed to the brewery, then Ubering to the trail in the late afternoon. I decided to join them, and after a brief time Daway Walked through the door, who I hadn’t seen since the big aqueduct push!

We began catching up. His plan was to stay the night. I threw in the towel and decided to split a room with him, which ultimately was a good call. Sometimes it’s important to really hit the pause button.

Tomorrow we’d head out after breakfast to the trail and get this show back on the road.